h1. Working

h2. Redmine internal link syntax is preserved

This is a [[wiki link]].

h2. Code highlighting is preserved

<pre><code class="sql">
SELECT * FROM table;
</code></pre>

h2. Inline code can contains @

Repository is @git@github.com/user/repo@.

h2. Block code use backtick, not indent, if they are not preceded by a blank line

Try this:<pre>
echo "OK"
</pre>

h2. Disabled strange <code>\\www.</code> parsing from redmine

\\www.server\asd\asd\index.html
\\www.server.com


h2. Quotations are preserved

>  I'll be back! Ha! You didn't know I was gonna say that, did you?

h2. XML tags are preserved

<pre><code>
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd">
<plist version="1.0">
    <array>
        <dict>
            <key>foo</key>
            <string>bar</string>
        </dict>
    </array>
</plist>
</code></pre>

h2. Plain URL should not get broken by escaped characters

http://example.com/example_site/#test

h1. Known limitations

h2. Unsupported cell formatting is dropped silently

| one                       | two |
|\2. Cell spanning 2 columns|
|/2. Cell spanning 2 rows   | one |
| two |
|>. Right-aligned cell|<. Left-aligned cell|

h2. Unsupported multiline tables

|_. one                  |_. two |
| Cell spanning 2 columns
 asd |
| Cell spanning 2 rows   | one |

|_. one                       |_. two |
| multilinecell
  - List 1
  - List 2
  - List 3 | multilinecell
  - List 1
  - List 2
  - List 3 |
| Right-aligned cell| Left-aligned cell|

Other Table

| A:|B|
| D:|Dunkelgrün|
| C:|Grün|

h2. List with code block is partially supported

The numbering will be reset after each code block, but layout is preserved:

# first item:<pre><code class="sql">
SELECT * FROM table;
</code></pre>
# second item:<pre>
rm -rf /tmp/*
</pre>
# final item

But some more complex case might result in broken list layout.


h2. Wrongly formatted lists (wrong textile, but works in redmine)

Correct List

# A
** A
*** B
**** C
** A
*** R
# A
** G
*** G
**** G
***** G
***** G
**** G

First wrong List

# A
#* A
#** B
#*** C
#* A
#** R
# A
#* G
#** G
#*** G
#**** G
#**** G
#*** G

Second wrong list

* A
*# A
*## B
*### C
*# A
*## R
* A
*# G
*## G
*### G
*#### G
*#### G
*### G
